new FAQ: What is the password used for? (#51)
joinmarket-webui/jamdocs: docs/FAQ.md

[ms]: https://mempool.space/
[ms-install]: https://github.com/mempool/mempool#one-click-installation

### What is the password used for?

The password is used for encrypting the wallet file. 

> The password is **not** used as a passphrase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is **not** used as a passphrase that extends your mnemonic seed (also known as the 13th or 25th word).
Only the mnemonic seed is needed to recover your funds, e.g. when you restore your wallet on a different device.
```
